# Bon Voyage!

## An app to help you plan everything that you need for a trip in one place.

Travelling to a new place is no easy task, especially with all the planning involved. This app helps you keep track of 
everything you need as a traveller, from keeping track of your flights and documents, planning and customising an
itinerary and using a checklist to keep track of essentials during your trip.

With this application, you can:
- **Choose your destination and add details about your trip:** Including location, transport details, dates of travel, 
accommodation and so on. 
- **Customise your itinerary:** Add the places you want to visit, their location and the date you want to visit them and
let the app display your itinerary for your convenience while you are on your trip.
- **Obtain a checklist for the essentials:** This includes travel documents, things to pack and you can also add custom 
items to the list.

>As a person who travels frequently, and recently moved for university from a different country, I always find myself 
>forgetting to do one thing or another while travelling. I think that having an app which keeps track of everything you
> need to make your trip run smoothly would be really useful, and it would be satisfying to check things off a list too!

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to create a new trip and modify it.
- As a user, I want to be able to customise the selected trip, by adding details such as the duration of
stay, mode of travel and place of accommodation.
- As a user, I want to be able to create an itinerary for the selected trip.
- As a user, I want to be able to customise the itinerary by adding details about the places I want to visit.
- As a user, I want to see a checklist generated by the app, displaying all the things required for my travel.
- As a user, I want to be able to add my own items to this checklist to customise it.
- As a user, I want to be able to save my trip.
- As a user, I want to be able to retrieve the previously saved details of my trip when I open the application once
more.

## Phase 4: Task 2

###A sample event log:

Saved V trip to ./data/workroom.json

Thu Nov 25 17:33:27 PST 2021

Location set.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:27 PST 2021

Duration of stay set.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:27 PST 2021

Mode of Travel set.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:27 PST 2021

Accommodation set.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:37 PST 2021

Item added to itinerary.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:45 PST 2021

Item added to itinerary. 

Thu Nov 25 17:33:49 PST 2021

New checklist generated.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:52 PST 2021

Item added to checklist.

Thu Nov 25 17:33:59 PST 2021

Item added to checklist.

Thu Nov 25 17:34:07 PST 2021

Item added to checklist.

Thu Nov 25 17:34:11 PST 2021

Summary generated.

Thu Nov 25 17:34:20 PST 2021

Duration updated.

This Event Log was generated from the TripApp class. However, no events were logged from the UI application since the UI
application did not update the Trip object with the information provided. 

##Phase 4: Task 3
In my project, I did not code the ItineraryList class such that it would be called by the Trip class. If I could change
it I would refactor the Trip and ItineraryList class such that I could create an Itinerary directly from the Trip class
as it would make my code more concise and would make implementing additional functions for the created itinerary easier.

Additionally, I would refactor some parts of the persistence code such that Checklist would be directly stored in the
Json file, instead of being stored as an object. Due to this error, the Checklist object was stored as a String and 
could not retrieve the items stored in the Checklist while loading. Thus, by storing the Checklist as a separate array 
under the Json object, I could solve this error.

I would also change some parts of the UI, since it does not store user input in the object. This issue is also related 
to the problems in persistence. 